Add ID Attribute Article and XS-Leaks Introduction. (#3)
xsleaks/xsleaks.github.io-sources: content/_index.md

# What are XS-Leaks?

> XS-Leaks are a class of vulnerabilities that have been present on the web for a long time, gaining new attention at the end of 2018 when a formal name was assigned and a [repository](https://github.com/xsleaks/xsleaks/wiki/Browser-Side-Channels) of some of them was created. This class of vulnerabilities are considered Browser Side-channel Attacks and most of them exploit behaviors **inherent to the design of the web**, which increases the complexity around their mitigation.

Author: I agree with both changes, but the first one still does not sound right. This class -> singular and ..Attacks -> plural. Maybe `This class of vulnerabilities is a Browser Side-channel Attack`?

> XS-Leaks are a class of vulnerabilities that have been present on the web for a long time, gaining new attention at the end of 2018 when a formal name was assigned and a [repository](https://github.com/xsleaks/xsleaks/wiki/Browser-Side-Channels) of some of them was created. This class of vulnerabilities are considered Browser Side-channel Attacks and most of them exploit behaviors **inherent to the design of the web**, which increases the complexity around their mitigation.

Author: I fixed this in commit eeb2cde546f09264e00e094a74ecfe9750428fff . I used the Plural strategy and got rid of the `class` word. Tell me if this better this way.

- It's hard to fix XS-Leaks. Mitigating one XS-Leak can be irrelevant if all the others are possible to exploit. To be effective against most of them, applications must combine different types of [Defense Mechanisms]({{< ref "../docs/defenses/" >}}).

## The Principle of XS-Leaks

When `attacker.com` makes a request to `bank.com`, the browser will attach user cookies along with the request. The `Same-origin policy` is enforced and stop `attacker.com` from getting the contents of `bank.com`, and the principle of XS-Leaks is to go around this protection to **infer** Private Identifiable Information (PII) by watching the behavior of secondary events/channels (e.g Browser Cache, Request Timing).

Leaked information is **always** application dependent, varies depending on the features of the application and how it behaves in specific situations.

There are several types of XS-Leaks, and they have distinct origins:

- [`HTML` APIs]({{< ref "frame-counting.md" >}}) that allow attackers to access powerful information about a page
- Browser Features which unintendedly introduced XS-Leaks
- Browser Bugs
- Inherent Web Platform Features (or a combination of them)

> 

Reviewer: I would also add Hardware limitations.

Author: What do you mean?

Author: Fixed in 3b8bc46

<!--TODO(manuelvsousa): Change this to TAG references-->

# About the Wiki

> In this Wiki readers will be able to be introduced the topic and consult specifics of XS-Leaks, hopefully understanding their impact on web applications and what Defense Mechanisms can mitigate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Wiki contains an introduction to XS-Leaks enriched with in-depth information. A reader is expected to be able to understand the topic, discover internals of some attacks and how to defend an application against them.
```

> This Wiki aggregates most of the XS-Leaks lost in the wild but frequently new ones are discovered. Feel free to help this Wiki grow and be up to date by contributing to the [XS-Leaks Github Repository](https://github.com/xsleaks/xsleaks.github.io-sources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Wiki aggregates most of the XS-Leaks described and discovered in the wild but frequently new ones emerge. Please feel free to help this Wiki grow and be up to date by contributing to the [XS-Leaks Github Repository](https://github.com/xsleaks/xsleaks.github.io-sources).
```
